London Stock Exchange - technical failover
Philips -  No update
Thomson Reuters  - Location contraint rejected
Vertx Pharmaceuticals - CV rejected.
Synergy - Technicalfailure



CQRS pattern
microservice failover
Spring tranaction
Collection - https://medium.com/geekculture/must-know-java-concepts-collections-e5a43c3ac21b
12 Factor App Factories - Codebase , Dependencies,Config,Backing Services,Build,release nad run
processes,port binding
concurrency, disposability, dev/prod parity,logs and admin processes
Multiple Datsepource in spring 

Binary Search
Reverse a linkedlist 
merge sort alogithm
Quick sort algorithm
breadth first traversal
depth first traversal
Insert in binary tree
remove node from tree
search in BST
Min Max and height in BST
Heap Implementation

How Microservice communicate easch other - Authentication and  security.
API Gateway 
equals and hascode
JMS
Java 8 Streams
Obervables 
Promise
ngrx
react hooks
docker run  ,build
Integration Testing
Externalize the configuration
redis and memcache





https://medium.com/duda/shared-libraries-design-and-best-practices-710774ae0bdc



DescriptionFS position - 
Java Back end strong with 4+ years of experience. 
Angular or Java Script in Front end is desired.
Job description – Full Stack developer 

1. We are hiring for ….Rank  Role Full Stack Tech developer 

2. You are … Deeply interested in technology and how it can be used to solve real-world problems 
Actively keeping yourself up to date with the latest technological trends, tools and frameworks
 Looking to have a meaningful impact on a large group of people Looking to build end to end solutions leading 
a team of dedicated developers in diverse technologies across UI / Services.  


3. You have …4 + years solid hands-on IT experience.Expert level experience in JAVA/Spring Boot/Microservice architecture.
Knowledge on UI frameworks like Angular/Javascript/Bootstrap Experience in interfacing with stakeholders across project 
in technical and functional areas.Experience interfacing with end users.A detailed understanding and experience of development best practices in below areas:
 •       Continuous Integration, branching and merging, pair programming, code reviews, unit testing, agile methodologies (Scrum/XP), Design Patterns
 •       UNIX/ Shell scripting.
 •       RDBMS, preferably MariaDB, MySQL.
 •       CI/CD.
 •       Scheduling Tools and techniques  
 
 4. We want you to … Be self-organized and prioritize your work and be willing to take the initiative when you see the right 
 opportunity Focus on solving the problems that deliver the highest value Lead by example and be a model 
 to inspire othersHave an burning drive to improve continuously each sprint and innovate.  
 
 5. It will be great also if you are …Energized and motivated by getting things done and enjoy seeing the progress of your work Willing 
 to go the extra-mile to help a struggling team memberAble to negotiate with stakeholders and coordinate many people 
 to head toward the same objective 
 
 
 Metrix in spring actuator
 Microservices communication.
 
 

LinkedList 
Print the Middle of a given linked list
Flattening a linked list
Delete the elements in an linked list whose sum is equal to zero
Delete middle of linked list
Remove duplicate elements from sorted linked list
Add 1 to a number represented as a linked list
Reverse a linked list in groups of given size
Detect loop in linked list
Remove loop in linked list
Find nth node from the end of linked list
Function to check if a singly linked list is a palindrome
Reverse alternate k node in a singly linked list
Delete last occurrence of an item from linked list
Rotate a linked list.
Delete n nodes after m nodes of a linked list.
Merge a linked list into another linked list at alternate positions.
Write a function to delete a linked list.
Write a function to reverse the nodes of a linked list.
Why quicksort is preferred for arrays and merge sort for linked lists.
linked list in java

	

